Task API improvements, task engine processing explained. (#171)
Knotx/knotx-fragments: task/engine/README.md

# Fragments/Task Engines
Fragments Engine (`io.knotx.fragments.task.engine.FragmentsEngine`) uses the [Map-Reduce pattern](https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/MapReduce) 
to process [fragments](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/tree/master/api#fragment) independently. 

Then, it uses the Task Engine (`io.knotx.fragments.task.engine.TaskEngine`) to perform a 
[task](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/tree/master/task/api#task) logic on each fragment.

## How does it work
Fragments Engine accepts a list of fragments decorated with the incoming HTTP request. Then
it converts the list to [Reactive Stream](https://github.com/reactive-streams/reactive-streams-jvm) 

> and processes all its item independently, in parallel (`map`). Each time a fragment processing ends, 
> the result is added to the final result. Finally, it returns a list of processed fragments with the 
> initial order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and processes all its items independently, in parallel (`map`). Each time a fragment processing ends, 
its' result is added to the final result. Finally, the engine returns a list of processed fragments with the 
initial order.
```
